# Psalms 135

[[Psa-134|← Psalms 134]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-136|Psalms 136 →]]
***

###### v1
Praise ye the Lord. Praise ye the name of the Lord; praise him, O ye servants of the Lord.
###### v2
Ye that stand in the house of the Lord, in the courts of the house of our God,
###### v3
Praise the Lord; for the Lord is good: sing praises unto his name; for it is pleasant.
###### v4
For the Lord hath chosen Jacob unto himself, and Israel for his peculiar treasure.
###### v5
For I know that the Lord is great, and that our Lord is above all gods.
###### v6
Whatsoever the Lord pleased, that did he in heaven, and in earth, in the seas, and all deep places.
###### v7
He causeth the vapours to ascend from the ends of the earth; he maketh lightnings for the rain; he bringeth the wind out of his treasuries.
###### v8
Who smote the firstborn of Egypt, both of man and beast.
###### v9
Who sent tokens and wonders into the midst of thee, O Egypt, upon Pharaoh, and upon all his servants.
###### v10
Who smote great nations, and slew mighty kings;
###### v11
Sihon king of the Amorites, and Og king of Bashan, and all the kingdoms of Canaan:
###### v12
And gave their land for an heritage, an heritage unto Israel his people.
###### v13
Thy name, O Lord, endureth for ever; and thy memorial, O Lord, throughout all generations.
###### v14
For the Lord will judge his people, and he will repent himself concerning his servants.
###### v15
The idols of the heathen are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands.
###### v16
They have mouths, but they speak not; eyes have they, but they see not;
###### v17
They have ears, but they hear not; neither is there any breath in their mouths.
###### v18
They that make them are like unto them: so is every one that trusteth in them.
###### v19
Bless the Lord, O house of Israel: bless the Lord, O house of Aaron:
###### v20
Bless the Lord, O house of Levi: ye that fear the Lord, bless the Lord.
###### v21
Blessed be the Lord out of Zion, which dwelleth at Jerusalem. Praise ye the Lord. 
