# Psalms 145

[[Psa-144|← Psalms 144]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-146|Psalms 146 →]]
***

###### v1
I will extol thee, my God, O king; and I will bless thy name for ever and ever.
###### v2
Every day will I bless thee; and I will praise thy name for ever and ever.
###### v3
Great is the Lord, and greatly to be praised; and his greatness is unsearchable.
###### v4
One generation shall praise thy works to another, and shall declare thy mighty acts.
###### v5
I will speak of the glorious honour of thy majesty, and of thy wondrous works.
###### v6
And men shall speak of the might of thy terrible acts: and I will declare thy greatness.
###### v7
They shall abundantly utter the memory of thy great goodness, and shall sing of thy righteousness.
###### v8
The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy.
###### v9
The Lord is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
###### v10
All thy works shall praise thee, O Lord; and thy saints shall bless thee.
###### v11
They shall speak of the glory of thy kingdom, and talk of thy power;
###### v12
To make known to the sons of men his mighty acts, and the glorious majesty of his kingdom.
###### v13
Thy kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, and thy dominion endureth throughout all generations.
###### v14
The Lord upholdeth all that fall, and raiseth up all those that be bowed down.
###### v15
The eyes of all wait upon thee; and thou givest them their meat in due season.
###### v16
Thou openest thine hand, and satisfiest the desire of every living thing.
###### v17
The Lord is righteous in all his ways, and holy in all his works.
###### v18
The Lord is nigh unto all them that call upon him, to all that call upon him in truth.
###### v19
He will fulfil the desire of them that fear him: he also will hear their cry, and will save them.
###### v20
The Lord preserveth all them that love him: but all the wicked will he destroy.
###### v21
My mouth shall speak the praise of the Lord: and let all flesh bless his holy name for ever and ever. 
