# Psalms 118

[[Psa-117|← Psalms 117]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-119|Psalms 119 →]]
***

###### v1
O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: because his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v2
Let Israel now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v3
Let the house of Aaron now say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v4
Let them now that fear the Lord say, that his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v5
I called upon the Lord in distress: the Lord answered me, and set me in a large place.
###### v6
The Lord is on my side; I will not fear: what can man do unto me?
###### v7
The Lord taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me.
###### v8
It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in man.
###### v9
It is better to trust in the Lord than to put confidence in princes.
###### v10
All nations compassed me about: but in the name of the Lord will I destroy them.
###### v11
They compassed me about; yea, they compassed me about: but in the name of the Lord I will destroy them.
###### v12
They compassed me about like bees; they are quenched as the fire of thorns: for in the name of the Lord I will destroy them.
###### v13
Thou hast thrust sore at me that I might fall: but the Lord helped me.
###### v14
The Lord is my strength and song, and is become my salvation.
###### v15
The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous: the right hand of the Lord doeth valiantly.
###### v16
The right hand of the Lord is exalted: the right hand of the Lord doeth valiantly.
###### v17
I shall not die, but live, and declare the works of the Lord.
###### v18
The Lord hath chastened me sore: but he hath not given me over unto death.
###### v19
Open to me the gates of righteousness: I will go into them, and I will praise the Lord:
###### v20
This gate of the Lord, into which the righteous shall enter.
###### v21
I will praise thee: for thou hast heard me, and art become my salvation.
###### v22
The stone which the builders refused is become the head stone of the corner.
###### v23
This is the Lord’s doing; it is marvellous in our eyes.
###### v24
This is the day which the Lord hath made; we will rejoice and be glad in it.
###### v25
Save now, I beseech thee, O Lord: O Lord, I beseech thee, send now prosperity.
###### v26
Blessed be he that cometh in the name of the Lord: we have blessed you out of the house of the Lord.
###### v27
God is the Lord, which hath shewed us light: bind the sacrifice with cords, even unto the horns of the altar.
###### v28
Thou art my God, and I will praise thee: thou art my God, I will exalt thee.
###### v29
O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
