# Psalms 103

[[Psa-102|← Psalms 102]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-104|Psalms 104 →]]
***

###### v1
Bless the Lord, O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name.
###### v2
Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all his benefits:
###### v3
Who forgiveth all thine iniquities; who healeth all thy diseases;
###### v4
Who redeemeth thy life from destruction; who crowneth thee with lovingkindness and tender mercies;
###### v5
Who satisfieth thy mouth with good things; so that thy youth is renewed like the eagle’s.
###### v6
The Lord executeth righteousness and judgment for all that are oppressed.
###### v7
He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.
###### v8
The Lord is merciful and gracious, slow to anger, and plenteous in mercy.
###### v9
He will not always chide: neither will he keep his anger for ever.
###### v10
He hath not dealt with us after our sins; nor rewarded us according to our iniquities.
###### v11
For as the heaven is high above the earth, so great is his mercy toward them that fear him.
###### v12
As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions from us.
###### v13
Like as a father pitieth his children, so the Lord pitieth them that fear him.
###### v14
For he knoweth our frame; he remembereth that we are dust.
###### v15
As for man, his days are as grass: as a flower of the field, so he flourisheth.
###### v16
For the wind passeth over it, and it is gone; and the place thereof shall know it no more.
###### v17
But the mercy of the Lord is from everlasting to everlasting upon them that fear him, and his righteousness unto children’s children;
###### v18
To such as keep his covenant, and to those that remember his commandments to do them.
###### v19
The Lord hath prepared his throne in the heavens; and his kingdom ruleth over all.
###### v20
Bless the Lord, ye his angels, that excel in strength, that do his commandments, hearkening unto the voice of his word.
###### v21
Bless ye the Lord, all ye his hosts; ye ministers of his, that do his pleasure.
###### v22
Bless the Lord, all his works in all places of his dominion: bless the Lord, O my soul. 
