# Psalms 109

[[Psa-108|← Psalms 108]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-110|Psalms 110 →]]
***

###### v1
Hold not thy peace, O God of my praise;
###### v2
For the mouth of the wicked and the mouth of the deceitful are opened against me: they have spoken against me with a lying tongue.
###### v3
They compassed me about also with words of hatred; and fought against me without a cause.
###### v4
For my love they are my adversaries: but I give myself unto prayer.
###### v5
And they have rewarded me evil for good, and hatred for my love.
###### v6
Set thou a wicked man over him: and let Satan stand at his right hand.
###### v7
When he shall be judged, let him be condemned: and let his prayer become sin.
###### v8
Let his days be few; and let another take his office.
###### v9
Let his children be fatherless, and his wife a widow.
###### v10
Let his children be continually vagabonds, and beg: let them seek their bread also out of their desolate places.
###### v11
Let the extortioner catch all that he hath; and let the strangers spoil his labour.
###### v12
Let there be none to extend mercy unto him: neither let there be any to favour his fatherless children.
###### v13
Let his posterity be cut off; and in the generation following let their name be blotted out.
###### v14
Let the iniquity of his fathers be remembered with the Lord; and let not the sin of his mother be blotted out.
###### v15
Let them be before the Lord continually, that he may cut off the memory of them from the earth.
###### v16
Because that he remembered not to shew mercy, but persecuted the poor and needy man, that he might even slay the broken in heart.
###### v17
As he loved cursing, so let it come unto him: as he delighted not in blessing, so let it be far from him.
###### v18
As he clothed himself with cursing like as with his garment, so let it come into his bowels like water, and like oil into his bones.
###### v19
Let it be unto him as the garment which covereth him, and for a girdle wherewith he is girded continually.
###### v20
Let this be the reward of mine adversaries from the Lord, and of them that speak evil against my soul.
###### v21
But do thou for me, O God the Lord, for thy name’s sake: because thy mercy is good, deliver thou me.
###### v22
For I am poor and needy, and my heart is wounded within me.
###### v23
I am gone like the shadow when it declineth: I am tossed up and down as the locust.
###### v24
My knees are weak through fasting; and my flesh faileth of fatness.
###### v25
I became also a reproach unto them: when they looked upon me they shaked their heads.
###### v26
Help me, O Lord my God: O save me according to thy mercy:
###### v27
That they may know that this is thy hand; that thou, Lord, hast done it.
###### v28
Let them curse, but bless thou: when they arise, let them be ashamed; but let thy servant rejoice.
###### v29
Let mine adversaries be clothed with shame, and let them cover themselves with their own confusion, as with a mantle.
###### v30
I will greatly praise the Lord with my mouth; yea, I will praise him among the multitude.
###### v31
For he shall stand at the right hand of the poor, to save him from those that condemn his soul. 
