# Psalms 116

[[Psa-115|← Psalms 115]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-117|Psalms 117 →]]
***

###### v1
I love the Lord, because he hath heard my voice and my supplications.
###### v2
Because he hath inclined his ear unto me, therefore will I call upon him as long as I live.
###### v3
The sorrows of death compassed me, and the pains of hell gat hold upon me: I found trouble and sorrow.
###### v4
Then called I upon the name of the Lord; O Lord, I beseech thee, deliver my soul.
###### v5
Gracious is the Lord, and righteous; yea, our God is merciful.
###### v6
The Lord preserveth the simple: I was brought low, and he helped me.
###### v7
Return unto thy rest, O my soul; for the Lord hath dealt bountifully with thee.
###### v8
For thou hast delivered my soul from death, mine eyes from tears, and my feet from falling.
###### v9
I will walk before the Lord in the land of the living.
###### v10
I believed, therefore have I spoken: I was greatly afflicted:
###### v11
I said in my haste, All men are liars.
###### v12
What shall I render unto the Lord for all his benefits toward me?
###### v13
I will take the cup of salvation, and call upon the name of the Lord.
###### v14
I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people.
###### v15
Precious in the sight of the Lord is the death of his saints.
###### v16
O Lord, truly I am thy servant; I am thy servant, and the son of thine handmaid: thou hast loosed my bonds.
###### v17
I will offer to thee the sacrifice of thanksgiving, and will call upon the name of the Lord.
###### v18
I will pay my vows unto the Lord now in the presence of all his people,
###### v19
In the courts of the Lord’s house, in the midst of thee, O Jerusalem. Praise ye the Lord. 
