# Psalms 104

[[Psa-103|← Psalms 103]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-105|Psalms 105 →]]
***

###### v1
Bless the Lord, O my soul. O Lord my God, thou art very great; thou art clothed with honour and majesty.
###### v2
Who coverest thyself with light as with a garment: who stretchest out the heavens like a curtain:
###### v3
Who layeth the beams of his chambers in the waters: who maketh the clouds his chariot: who walketh upon the wings of the wind:
###### v4
Who maketh his angels spirits; his ministers a flaming fire:
###### v5
Who laid the foundations of the earth, that it should not be removed for ever.
###### v6
Thou coveredst it with the deep as with a garment: the waters stood above the mountains.
###### v7
At thy rebuke they fled; at the voice of thy thunder they hasted away.
###### v8
They go up by the mountains; they go down by the valleys unto the place which thou hast founded for them.
###### v9
Thou hast set a bound that they may not pass over; that they turn not again to cover the earth.
###### v10
He sendeth the springs into the valleys, which run among the hills.
###### v11
They give drink to every beast of the field: the wild asses quench their thirst.
###### v12
By them shall the fowls of the heaven have their habitation, which sing among the branches.
###### v13
He watereth the hills from his chambers: the earth is satisfied with the fruit of thy works.
###### v14
He causeth the grass to grow for the cattle, and herb for the service of man: that he may bring forth food out of the earth;
###### v15
And wine that maketh glad the heart of man, and oil to make his face to shine, and bread which strengtheneth man’s heart.
###### v16
The trees of the Lord are full of sap; the cedars of Lebanon, which he hath planted;
###### v17
Where the birds make their nests: as for the stork, the fir trees are her house.
###### v18
The high hills are a refuge for the wild goats; and the rocks for the conies.
###### v19
He appointed the moon for seasons: the sun knoweth his going down.
###### v20
Thou makest darkness, and it is night: wherein all the beasts of the forest do creep forth.
###### v21
The young lions roar after their prey, and seek their meat from God.
###### v22
The sun ariseth, they gather themselves together, and lay them down in their dens.
###### v23
Man goeth forth unto his work and to his labour until the evening.
###### v24
O Lord, how manifold are thy works! in wisdom hast thou made them all: the earth is full of thy riches.
###### v25
So is this great and wide sea, wherein are things creeping innumerable, both small and great beasts.
###### v26
There go the ships: there is that leviathan, whom thou hast made to play therein.
###### v27
These wait all upon thee; that thou mayest give them their meat in due season.
###### v28
That thou givest them they gather: thou openest thine hand, they are filled with good.
###### v29
Thou hidest thy face, they are troubled: thou takest away their breath, they die, and return to their dust.
###### v30
Thou sendest forth thy spirit, they are created: and thou renewest the face of the earth.
###### v31
The glory of the Lord shall endure for ever: the Lord shall rejoice in his works.
###### v32
He looketh on the earth, and it trembleth: he toucheth the hills, and they smoke.
###### v33
I will sing unto the Lord as long as I live: I will sing praise to my God while I have my being.
###### v34
My meditation of him shall be sweet: I will be glad in the Lord.
###### v35
Let the sinners be consumed out of the earth, and let the wicked be no more. Bless thou the Lord, O my soul. Praise ye the Lord. 
