# Psalms 115

[[Psa-114|← Psalms 114]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-116|Psalms 116 →]]
***

###### v1
Not unto us, O Lord, not unto us, but unto thy name give glory, for thy mercy, and for thy truth’s sake.
###### v2
Wherefore should the heathen say, Where is now their God?
###### v3
But our God is in the heavens: he hath done whatsoever he hath pleased.
###### v4
Their idols are silver and gold, the work of men’s hands.
###### v5
They have mouths, but they speak not: eyes have they, but they see not:
###### v6
They have ears, but they hear not: noses have they, but they smell not:
###### v7
They have hands, but they handle not: feet have they, but they walk not: neither speak they through their throat.
###### v8
They that make them are like unto them; so is every one that trusteth in them.
###### v9
O Israel, trust thou in the Lord: he is their help and their shield.
###### v10
O house of Aaron, trust in the Lord: he is their help and their shield.
###### v11
Ye that fear the Lord, trust in the Lord: he is their help and their shield.
###### v12
The Lord hath been mindful of us: he will bless us; he will bless the house of Israel; he will bless the house of Aaron.
###### v13
He will bless them that fear the Lord, both small and great.
###### v14
The Lord shall increase you more and more, you and your children.
###### v15
Ye are blessed of the Lord which made heaven and earth.
###### v16
The heaven, even the heavens, are the Lord’s: but the earth hath he given to the children of men.
###### v17
The dead praise not the Lord, neither any that go down into silence.
###### v18
But we will bless the Lord from this time forth and for evermore. Praise the Lord. 
