# Psalms 105

[[Psa-104|← Psalms 104]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-106|Psalms 106 →]]
***

###### v1
O give thanks unto the Lord; call upon his name: make known his deeds among the people.
###### v2
Sing unto him, sing psalms unto him: talk ye of all his wondrous works.
###### v3
Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the Lord.
###### v4
Seek the Lord, and his strength: seek his face evermore.
###### v5
Remember his marvellous works that he hath done; his wonders, and the judgments of his mouth;
###### v6
O ye seed of Abraham his servant, ye children of Jacob his chosen.
###### v7
He is the Lord our God: his judgments are in all the earth.
###### v8
He hath remembered his covenant for ever, the word which he commanded to a thousand generations.
###### v9
Which covenant he made with Abraham, and his oath unto Isaac;
###### v10
And confirmed the same unto Jacob for a law, and to Israel for an everlasting covenant:
###### v11
Saying, Unto thee will I give the land of Canaan, the lot of your inheritance:
###### v12
When they were but a few men in number; yea, very few, and strangers in it.
###### v13
When they went from one nation to another, from one kingdom to another people;
###### v14
He suffered no man to do them wrong: yea, he reproved kings for their sakes;
###### v15
Saying, Touch not mine anointed, and do my prophets no harm.
###### v16
Moreover he called for a famine upon the land: he brake the whole staff of bread.
###### v17
He sent a man before them, even Joseph, who was sold for a servant:
###### v18
Whose feet they hurt with fetters: he was laid in iron:
###### v19
Until the time that his word came: the word of the Lord tried him.
###### v20
The king sent and loosed him; even the ruler of the people, and let him go free.
###### v21
He made him lord of his house, and ruler of all his substance:
###### v22
To bind his princes at his pleasure; and teach his senators wisdom.
###### v23
Israel also came into Egypt; and Jacob sojourned in the land of Ham.
###### v24
And he increased his people greatly; and made them stronger than their enemies.
###### v25
He turned their heart to hate his people, to deal subtilly with his servants.
###### v26
He sent Moses his servant; and Aaron whom he had chosen.
###### v27
They shewed his signs among them, and wonders in the land of Ham.
###### v28
He sent darkness, and made it dark; and they rebelled not against his word.
###### v29
He turned their waters into blood, and slew their fish.
###### v30
Their land brought forth frogs in abundance, in the chambers of their kings.
###### v31
He spake, and there came divers sorts of flies, and lice in all their coasts.
###### v32
He gave them hail for rain, and flaming fire in their land.
###### v33
He smote their vines also and their fig trees; and brake the trees of their coasts.
###### v34
He spake, and the locusts came, and caterpillers, and that without number,
###### v35
And did eat up all the herbs in their land, and devoured the fruit of their ground.
###### v36
He smote also all the firstborn in their land, the chief of all their strength.
###### v37
He brought them forth also with silver and gold: and there was not one feeble person among their tribes.
###### v38
Egypt was glad when they departed: for the fear of them fell upon them.
###### v39
He spread a cloud for a covering; and fire to give light in the night.
###### v40
The people asked, and he brought quails, and satisfied them with the bread of heaven.
###### v41
He opened the rock, and the waters gushed out; they ran in the dry places like a river.
###### v42
For he remembered his holy promise, and Abraham his servant.
###### v43
And he brought forth his people with joy, and his chosen with gladness:
###### v44
And gave them the lands of the heathen: and they inherited the labour of the people;
###### v45
That they might observe his statutes, and keep his laws. Praise ye the Lord. 
