# Psalms 119

[[Psa-118|← Psalms 118]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-120|Psalms 120 →]]
***

###### v1
 Blessed are the undefiled in the way, who walk in the law of the Lord.
###### v2
Blessed are they that keep his testimonies, and that seek him with the whole heart.
###### v3
They also do no iniquity: they walk in his ways.
###### v4
Thou hast commanded us to keep thy precepts diligently.
###### v5
O that my ways were directed to keep thy statutes!
###### v6
Then shall I not be ashamed, when I have respect unto all thy commandments.
###### v7
I will praise thee with uprightness of heart, when I shall have learned thy righteous judgments.
###### v8
I will keep thy statutes: O forsake me not utterly.
###### v9
 Wherewithal shall a young man cleanse his way? by taking heed thereto according to thy word.
###### v10
With my whole heart have I sought thee: O let me not wander from thy commandments.
###### v11
Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee.
###### v12
Blessed art thou, O Lord: teach me thy statutes.
###### v13
With my lips have I declared all the judgments of thy mouth.
###### v14
I have rejoiced in the way of thy testimonies, as much as in all riches.
###### v15
I will meditate in thy precepts, and have respect unto thy ways.
###### v16
I will delight myself in thy statutes: I will not forget thy word.
###### v17
 Deal bountifully with thy servant, that I may live, and keep thy word.
###### v18
Open thou mine eyes, that I may behold wondrous things out of thy law.
###### v19
I am a stranger in the earth: hide not thy commandments from me.
###### v20
My soul breaketh for the longing that it hath unto thy judgments at all times.
###### v21
Thou hast rebuked the proud that are cursed, which do err from thy commandments.
###### v22
Remove from me reproach and contempt; for I have kept thy testimonies.
###### v23
Princes also did sit and speak against me: but thy servant did meditate in thy statutes.
###### v24
Thy testimonies also are my delight and my counsellors.
###### v25
 My soul cleaveth unto the dust: quicken thou me according to thy word.
###### v26
I have declared my ways, and thou heardest me: teach me thy statutes.
###### v27
Make me to understand the way of thy precepts: so shall I talk of thy wondrous works.
###### v28
My soul melteth for heaviness: strengthen thou me according unto thy word.
###### v29
Remove from me the way of lying: and grant me thy law graciously.
###### v30
I have chosen the way of truth: thy judgments have I laid before me.
###### v31
I have stuck unto thy testimonies: O Lord, put me not to shame.
###### v32
I will run the way of thy commandments, when thou shalt enlarge my heart.
###### v33
 Teach me, O Lord, the way of thy statutes; and I shall keep it unto the end.
###### v34
Give me understanding, and I shall keep thy law; yea, I shall observe it with my whole heart.
###### v35
Make me to go in the path of thy commandments; for therein do I delight.
###### v36
Incline my heart unto thy testimonies, and not to covetousness.
###### v37
Turn away mine eyes from beholding vanity; and quicken thou me in thy way.
###### v38
Stablish thy word unto thy servant, who is devoted to thy fear.
###### v39
Turn away my reproach which I fear: for thy judgments are good.
###### v40
Behold, I have longed after thy precepts: quicken me in thy righteousness.
###### v41
 Let thy mercies come also unto me, O Lord, even thy salvation, according to thy word.
###### v42
So shall I have wherewith to answer him that reproacheth me: for I trust in thy word.
###### v43
And take not the word of truth utterly out of my mouth; for I have hoped in thy judgments.
###### v44
So shall I keep thy law continually for ever and ever.
###### v45
And I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts.
###### v46
I will speak of thy testimonies also before kings, and will not be ashamed.
###### v47
And I will delight myself in thy commandments, which I have loved.
###### v48
My hands also will I lift up unto thy commandments, which I have loved; and I will meditate in thy statutes.
###### v49
 Remember the word unto thy servant, upon which thou hast caused me to hope.
###### v50
This is my comfort in my affliction: for thy word hath quickened me.
###### v51
The proud have had me greatly in derision: yet have I not declined from thy law.
###### v52
I remembered thy judgments of old, O Lord; and have comforted myself.
###### v53
Horror hath taken hold upon me because of the wicked that forsake thy law.
###### v54
Thy statutes have been my songs in the house of my pilgrimage.
###### v55
I have remembered thy name, O Lord, in the night, and have kept thy law.
###### v56
This I had, because I kept thy precepts.
###### v57
 Thou art my portion, O Lord: I have said that I would keep thy words.
###### v58
I intreated thy favour with my whole heart: be merciful unto me according to thy word.
###### v59
I thought on my ways, and turned my feet unto thy testimonies.
###### v60
I made haste, and delayed not to keep thy commandments.
###### v61
The bands of the wicked have robbed me: but I have not forgotten thy law.
###### v62
At midnight I will rise to give thanks unto thee because of thy righteous judgments.
###### v63
I am a companion of all them that fear thee, and of them that keep thy precepts.
###### v64
The earth, O Lord, is full of thy mercy: teach me thy statutes.
###### v65
 Thou hast dealt well with thy servant, O Lord, according unto thy word.
###### v66
Teach me good judgment and knowledge: for I have believed thy commandments.
###### v67
Before I was afflicted I went astray: but now have I kept thy word.
###### v68
Thou art good, and doest good; teach me thy statutes.
###### v69
The proud have forged a lie against me: but I will keep thy precepts with my whole heart.
###### v70
Their heart is as fat as grease; but I delight in thy law.
###### v71
It is good for me that I have been afflicted; that I might learn thy statutes.
###### v72
The law of thy mouth is better unto me than thousands of gold and silver.
###### v73
 Thy hands have made me and fashioned me: give me understanding, that I may learn thy commandments.
###### v74
They that fear thee will be glad when they see me; because I have hoped in thy word.
###### v75
I know, O Lord, that thy judgments are right, and that thou in faithfulness hast afflicted me.
###### v76
Let, I pray thee, thy merciful kindness be for my comfort, according to thy word unto thy servant.
###### v77
Let thy tender mercies come unto me, that I may live: for thy law is my delight.
###### v78
Let the proud be ashamed; for they dealt perversely with me without a cause: but I will meditate in thy precepts.
###### v79
Let those that fear thee turn unto me, and those that have known thy testimonies.
###### v80
Let my heart be sound in thy statutes; that I be not ashamed.
###### v81
 My soul fainteth for thy salvation: but I hope in thy word.
###### v82
Mine eyes fail for thy word, saying, When wilt thou comfort me?
###### v83
For I am become like a bottle in the smoke; yet do I not forget thy statutes.
###### v84
How many are the days of thy servant? when wilt thou execute judgment on them that persecute me?
###### v85
The proud have digged pits for me, which are not after thy law.
###### v86
All thy commandments are faithful: they persecute me wrongfully; help thou me.
###### v87
They had almost consumed me upon earth; but I forsook not thy precepts.
###### v88
Quicken me after thy lovingkindness; so shall I keep the testimony of thy mouth.
###### v89
 For ever, O Lord, thy word is settled in heaven.
###### v90
Thy faithfulness is unto all generations: thou hast established the earth, and it abideth.
###### v91
They continue this day according to thine ordinances: for all are thy servants.
###### v92
Unless thy law had been my delights, I should then have perished in mine affliction.
###### v93
I will never forget thy precepts: for with them thou hast quickened me.
###### v94
I am thine, save me; for I have sought thy precepts.
###### v95
The wicked have waited for me to destroy me: but I will consider thy testimonies.
###### v96
I have seen an end of all perfection: but thy commandment is exceeding broad.
###### v97
 O how love I thy law! it is my meditation all the day.
###### v98
Thou through thy commandments hast made me wiser than mine enemies: for they are ever with me.
###### v99
I have more understanding than all my teachers: for thy testimonies are my meditation.
###### v100
I understand more than the ancients, because I keep thy precepts.
###### v101
I have refrained my feet from every evil way, that I might keep thy word.
###### v102
I have not departed from thy judgments: for thou hast taught me.
###### v103
How sweet are thy words unto my taste! yea, sweeter than honey to my mouth!
###### v104
Through thy precepts I get understanding: therefore I hate every false way.
###### v105
 Thy word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path.
###### v106
I have sworn, and I will perform it, that I will keep thy righteous judgments.
###### v107
I am afflicted very much: quicken me, O Lord, according unto thy word.
###### v108
Accept, I beseech thee, the freewill offerings of my mouth, O Lord, and teach me thy judgments.
###### v109
My soul is continually in my hand: yet do I not forget thy law.
###### v110
The wicked have laid a snare for me: yet I erred not from thy precepts.
###### v111
Thy testimonies have I taken as an heritage for ever: for they are the rejoicing of my heart.
###### v112
I have inclined mine heart to perform thy statutes alway, even unto the end.
###### v113
 I hate vain thoughts: but thy law do I love.
###### v114
Thou art my hiding place and my shield: I hope in thy word.
###### v115
Depart from me, ye evildoers: for I will keep the commandments of my God.
###### v116
Uphold me according unto thy word, that I may live: and let me not be ashamed of my hope.
###### v117
Hold thou me up, and I shall be safe: and I will have respect unto thy statutes continually.
###### v118
Thou hast trodden down all them that err from thy statutes: for their deceit is falsehood.
###### v119
Thou puttest away all the wicked of the earth like dross: therefore I love thy testimonies.
###### v120
My flesh trembleth for fear of thee; and I am afraid of thy judgments.
###### v121
 I have done judgment and justice: leave me not to mine oppressors.
###### v122
Be surety for thy servant for good: let not the proud oppress me.
###### v123
Mine eyes fail for thy salvation, and for the word of thy righteousness.
###### v124
Deal with thy servant according unto thy mercy, and teach me thy statutes.
###### v125
I am thy servant; give me understanding, that I may know thy testimonies.
###### v126
It is time for thee, Lord, to work: for they have made void thy law.
###### v127
Therefore I love thy commandments above gold; yea, above fine gold.
###### v128
Therefore I esteem all thy precepts concerning all things to be right; and I hate every false way.
###### v129
 Thy testimonies are wonderful: therefore doth my soul keep them.
###### v130
The entrance of thy words giveth light; it giveth understanding unto the simple.
###### v131
I opened my mouth, and panted: for I longed for thy commandments.
###### v132
Look thou upon me, and be merciful unto me, as thou usest to do unto those that love thy name.
###### v133
Order my steps in thy word: and let not any iniquity have dominion over me.
###### v134
Deliver me from the oppression of man: so will I keep thy precepts.
###### v135
Make thy face to shine upon thy servant; and teach me thy statutes.
###### v136
Rivers of waters run down mine eyes, because they keep not thy law.
###### v137
 Righteous art thou, O Lord, and upright are thy judgments.
###### v138
Thy testimonies that thou hast commanded are righteous and very faithful.
###### v139
My zeal hath consumed me, because mine enemies have forgotten thy words.
###### v140
Thy word is very pure: therefore thy servant loveth it.
###### v141
I am small and despised: yet do not I forget thy precepts.
###### v142
Thy righteousness is an everlasting righteousness, and thy law is the truth.
###### v143
Trouble and anguish have taken hold on me: yet thy commandments are my delights.
###### v144
The righteousness of thy testimonies is everlasting: give me understanding, and I shall live.
###### v145
 I cried with my whole heart; hear me, O Lord: I will keep thy statutes.
###### v146
I cried unto thee; save me, and I shall keep thy testimonies.
###### v147
I prevented the dawning of the morning, and cried: I hoped in thy word.
###### v148
Mine eyes prevent the night watches, that I might meditate in thy word.
###### v149
Hear my voice according unto thy lovingkindness: O Lord, quicken me according to thy judgment.
###### v150
They draw nigh that follow after mischief: they are far from thy law.
###### v151
Thou art near, O Lord; and all thy commandments are truth.
###### v152
Concerning thy testimonies, I have known of old that thou hast founded them for ever.
###### v153
 Consider mine affliction, and deliver me: for I do not forget thy law.
###### v154
Plead my cause, and deliver me: quicken me according to thy word.
###### v155
Salvation is far from the wicked: for they seek not thy statutes.
###### v156
Great are thy tender mercies, O Lord: quicken me according to thy judgments.
###### v157
Many are my persecutors and mine enemies; yet do I not decline from thy testimonies.
###### v158
I beheld the transgressors, and was grieved; because they kept not thy word.
###### v159
Consider how I love thy precepts: quicken me, O Lord, according to thy lovingkindness.
###### v160
Thy word is true from the beginning: and every one of thy righteous judgments endureth for ever.
###### v161
 Princes have persecuted me without a cause: but my heart standeth in awe of thy word.
###### v162
I rejoice at thy word, as one that findeth great spoil.
###### v163
I hate and abhor lying: but thy law do I love.
###### v164
Seven times a day do I praise thee because of thy righteous judgments.
###### v165
Great peace have they which love thy law: and nothing shall offend them.
###### v166
Lord, I have hoped for thy salvation, and done thy commandments.
###### v167
My soul hath kept thy testimonies; and I love them exceedingly.
###### v168
I have kept thy precepts and thy testimonies: for all my ways are before thee.
###### v169
 Let my cry come near before thee, O Lord: give me understanding according to thy word.
###### v170
Let my supplication come before thee: deliver me according to thy word.
###### v171
My lips shall utter praise, when thou hast taught me thy statutes.
###### v172
My tongue shall speak of thy word: for all thy commandments are righteousness.
###### v173
Let thine hand help me; for I have chosen thy precepts.
###### v174
I have longed for thy salvation, O Lord; and thy law is my delight.
###### v175
Let my soul live, and it shall praise thee; and let thy judgments help me.
###### v176
I have gone astray like a lost sheep; seek thy servant; for I do not forget thy commandments. 
