# Psalms 136

[[Psa-135|← Psalms 135]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-137|Psalms 137 →]]
***

###### v1
O give thanks unto the Lord; for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v2
O give thanks unto the God of gods: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v3
O give thanks to the Lord of lords: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v4
To him who alone doeth great wonders: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v5
To him that by wisdom made the heavens: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v6
To him that stretched out the earth above the waters: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v7
To him that made great lights: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v8
The sun to rule by day: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v9
The moon and stars to rule by night: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v10
To him that smote Egypt in their firstborn: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v11
And brought out Israel from among them: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v12
With a strong hand, and with a stretched out arm: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v13
To him which divided the Red sea into parts: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v14
And made Israel to pass through the midst of it: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v15
But overthrew Pharaoh and his host in the Red sea: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v16
To him which led his people through the wilderness: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v17
To him which smote great kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v18
And slew famous kings: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v19
Sihon king of the Amorites: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v20
And Og the king of Bashan: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v21
And gave their land for an heritage: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v22
Even an heritage unto Israel his servant: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v23
Who remembered us in our low estate: for his mercy endureth for ever:
###### v24
And hath redeemed us from our enemies: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v25
Who giveth food to all flesh: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v26
O give thanks unto the God of heaven: for his mercy endureth for ever. 
