# Psalms 102

[[Psa-101|← Psalms 101]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-103|Psalms 103 →]]
***

###### v1
Hear my prayer, O Lord, and let my cry come unto thee.
###### v2
Hide not thy face from me in the day when I am in trouble; incline thine ear unto me: in the day when I call answer me speedily.
###### v3
For my days are consumed like smoke, and my bones are burned as an hearth.
###### v4
My heart is smitten, and withered like grass; so that I forget to eat my bread.
###### v5
By reason of the voice of my groaning my bones cleave to my skin.
###### v6
I am like a pelican of the wilderness: I am like an owl of the desert.
###### v7
I watch, and am as a sparrow alone upon the house top.
###### v8
Mine enemies reproach me all the day; and they that are mad against me are sworn against me.
###### v9
For I have eaten ashes like bread, and mingled my drink with weeping,
###### v10
Because of thine indignation and thy wrath: for thou hast lifted me up, and cast me down.
###### v11
My days are like a shadow that declineth; and I am withered like grass.
###### v12
But thou, O Lord, shalt endure for ever; and thy remembrance unto all generations.
###### v13
Thou shalt arise, and have mercy upon Zion: for the time to favour her, yea, the set time, is come.
###### v14
For thy servants take pleasure in her stones, and favour the dust thereof.
###### v15
So the heathen shall fear the name of the Lord, and all the kings of the earth thy glory.
###### v16
When the Lord shall build up Zion, he shall appear in his glory.
###### v17
He will regard the prayer of the destitute, and not despise their prayer.
###### v18
This shall be written for the generation to come: and the people which shall be created shall praise the Lord.
###### v19
For he hath looked down from the height of his sanctuary; from heaven did the Lord behold the earth;
###### v20
To hear the groaning of the prisoner; to loose those that are appointed to death;
###### v21
To declare the name of the Lord in Zion, and his praise in Jerusalem;
###### v22
When the people are gathered together, and the kingdoms, to serve the Lord.
###### v23
He weakened my strength in the way; he shortened my days.
###### v24
I said, O my God, take me not away in the midst of my days: thy years are throughout all generations.
###### v25
Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.
###### v26
They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:
###### v27
But thou art the same, and thy years shall have no end.
###### v28
The children of thy servants shall continue, and their seed shall be established before thee. 
