# Psalms 107

[[Psa-106|← Psalms 106]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-108|Psalms 108 →]]
***

###### v1
O give thanks unto the Lord, for he is good: for his mercy endureth for ever.
###### v2
Let the redeemed of the Lord say so, whom he hath redeemed from the hand of the enemy;
###### v3
And gathered them out of the lands, from the east, and from the west, from the north, and from the south.
###### v4
They wandered in the wilderness in a solitary way; they found no city to dwell in.
###### v5
Hungry and thirsty, their soul fainted in them.
###### v6
Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he delivered them out of their distresses.
###### v7
And he led them forth by the right way, that they might go to a city of habitation.
###### v8
Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
###### v9
For he satisfieth the longing soul, and filleth the hungry soul with goodness.
###### v10
Such as sit in darkness and in the shadow of death, being bound in affliction and iron;
###### v11
Because they rebelled against the words of God, and contemned the counsel of the most High:
###### v12
Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help.
###### v13
Then they cried unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saved them out of their distresses.
###### v14
He brought them out of darkness and the shadow of death, and brake their bands in sunder.
###### v15
Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
###### v16
For he hath broken the gates of brass, and cut the bars of iron in sunder.
###### v17
Fools because of their transgression, and because of their iniquities, are afflicted.
###### v18
Their soul abhorreth all manner of meat; and they draw near unto the gates of death.
###### v19
Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he saveth them out of their distresses.
###### v20
He sent his word, and healed them, and delivered them from their destructions.
###### v21
Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
###### v22
And let them sacrifice the sacrifices of thanksgiving, and declare his works with rejoicing.
###### v23
They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great waters;
###### v24
These see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep.
###### v25
For he commandeth, and raiseth the stormy wind, which lifteth up the waves thereof.
###### v26
They mount up to the heaven, they go down again to the depths: their soul is melted because of trouble.
###### v27
They reel to and fro, and stagger like a drunken man, and are at their wits’ end.
###### v28
Then they cry unto the Lord in their trouble, and he bringeth them out of their distresses.
###### v29
He maketh the storm a calm, so that the waves thereof are still.
###### v30
Then are they glad because they be quiet; so he bringeth them unto their desired haven.
###### v31
Oh that men would praise the Lord for his goodness, and for his wonderful works to the children of men!
###### v32
Let them exalt him also in the congregation of the people, and praise him in the assembly of the elders.
###### v33
He turneth rivers into a wilderness, and the watersprings into dry ground;
###### v34
A fruitful land into barrenness, for the wickedness of them that dwell therein.
###### v35
He turneth the wilderness into a standing water, and dry ground into watersprings.
###### v36
And there he maketh the hungry to dwell, that they may prepare a city for habitation;
###### v37
And sow the fields, and plant vineyards, which may yield fruits of increase.
###### v38
He blesseth them also, so that they are multiplied greatly; and suffereth not their cattle to decrease.
###### v39
Again, they are minished and brought low through oppression, affliction, and sorrow.
###### v40
He poureth contempt upon princes, and causeth them to wander in the wilderness, where there is no way.
###### v41
Yet setteth he the poor on high from affliction, and maketh him families like a flock.
###### v42
The righteous shall see it, and rejoice: and all iniquity shall stop her mouth.
###### v43
Whoso is wise, and will observe these things, even they shall understand the lovingkindness of the Lord. 
