# Psalms 139

[[Psa-138|← Psalms 138]] | [[Psalms]] | [[Psa-140|Psalms 140 →]]
***

###### v1
O Lord, thou hast searched me, and known me.
###### v2
Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising, thou understandest my thought afar off.
###### v3
Thou compassest my path and my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways.
###### v4
For there is not a word in my tongue, but, lo, O Lord, thou knowest it altogether.
###### v5
Thou hast beset me behind and before, and laid thine hand upon me.
###### v6
Such knowledge is too wonderful for me; it is high, I cannot attain unto it.
###### v7
Whither shall I go from thy spirit? or whither shall I flee from thy presence?
###### v8
If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there: if I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there.
###### v9
If I take the wings of the morning, and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea;
###### v10
Even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me.
###### v11
If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me; even the night shall be light about me.
###### v12
Yea, the darkness hideth not from thee; but the night shineth as the day: the darkness and the light are both alike to thee.
###### v13
For thou hast possessed my reins: thou hast covered me in my mother’s womb.
###### v14
I will praise thee; for I am fearfully and wonderfully made: marvellous are thy works; and that my soul knoweth right well.
###### v15
My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrought in the lowest parts of the earth.
###### v16
Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being unperfect; and in thy book all my members were written, which in continuance were fashioned, when as yet there was none of them.
###### v17
How precious also are thy thoughts unto me, O God! how great is the sum of them!
###### v18
If I should count them, they are more in number than the sand: when I awake, I am still with thee.
###### v19
Surely thou wilt slay the wicked, O God: depart from me therefore, ye bloody men.
###### v20
For they speak against thee wickedly, and thine enemies take thy name in vain.
###### v21
Do not I hate them, O Lord, that hate thee? and am not I grieved with those that rise up against thee?
###### v22
I hate them with perfect hatred: I count them mine enemies.
###### v23
Search me, O God, and know my heart: try me, and know my thoughts:
###### v24
And see if there be any wicked way in me, and lead me in the way everlasting. 
