# 1 Chronicles 1

[[1 Chronicles]] | [[1 C-02|1 Chronicles 02 →]]
***

###### v1
Adam, Sheth, Enosh,
###### v2
Kenan, Mahalaleel, Jered,
###### v3
Henoch, Methuselah, Lamech,
###### v4
Noah, Shem, Ham, and Japheth.
###### v5
The sons of Japheth; Gomer, and Magog, and Madai, and Javan, and Tubal, and Meshech, and Tiras.
###### v6
And the sons of Gomer; Ashchenaz, and Riphath, and Togarmah.
###### v7
And the sons of Javan; Elishah, and Tarshish, Kittim, and Dodanim.
###### v8
The sons of Ham; Cush, and Mizraim, Put, and Canaan.
###### v9
And the sons of Cush; Seba, and Havilah, and Sabta, and Raamah, and Sabtecha. And the sons of Raamah; Sheba, and Dedan.
###### v10
And Cush begat Nimrod: he began to be mighty upon the earth.
###### v11
And Mizraim begat Ludim, and Anamim, and Lehabim, and Naphtuhim,
###### v12
And Pathrusim, and Casluhim, (of whom came the Philistines,) and Caphthorim.
###### v13
And Canaan begat Zidon his firstborn, and Heth,
###### v14
The Jebusite also, and the Amorite, and the Girgashite,
###### v15
And the Hivite, and the Arkite, and the Sinite,
###### v16
And the Arvadite, and the Zemarite, and the Hamathite.
###### v17
The sons of Shem; Elam, and Asshur, and Arphaxad, and Lud, and Aram, and Uz, and Hul, and Gether, and Meshech.
###### v18
And Arphaxad begat Shelah, and Shelah begat Eber.
###### v19
And unto Eber were born two sons: the name of the one was Peleg; because in his days the earth was divided: and his brother’s name was Joktan.
###### v20
And Joktan begat Almodad, and Sheleph, and Hazarmaveth, and Jerah,
###### v21
Hadoram also, and Uzal, and Diklah,
###### v22
And Ebal, and Abimael, and Sheba,
###### v23
And Ophir, and Havilah, and Jobab. All these were the sons of Joktan.
###### v24
Shem, Arphaxad, Shelah,
###### v25
Eber, Peleg, Reu,
###### v26
Serug, Nahor, Terah,
###### v27
Abram; the same is Abraham.
###### v28
The sons of Abraham; Isaac, and Ishmael.
###### v29
These are their generations: The firstborn of Ishmael, Nebaioth; then Kedar, and Adbeel, and Mibsam,
###### v30
Mishma, and Dumah, Massa, Hadad, and Tema,
###### v31
Jetur, Naphish, and Kedemah. These are the sons of Ishmael.
###### v32
Now the sons of Keturah, Abraham’s concubine: she bare Zimran, and Jokshan, and Medan, and Midian, and Ishbak, and Shuah. And the sons of Jokshan; Sheba, and Dedan.
###### v33
And the sons of Midian; Ephah, and Epher, and Henoch, and Abida, and Eldaah. All these are the sons of Keturah.
###### v34
And Abraham begat Isaac. The sons of Isaac; Esau and Israel.
###### v35
The sons of Esau; Eliphaz, Reuel, and Jeush, and Jaalam, and Korah.
###### v36
The sons of Eliphaz; Teman, and Omar, Zephi, and Gatam, Kenaz, and Timna, and Amalek.
###### v37
The sons of Reuel; Nahath, Zerah, Shammah, and Mizzah.
###### v38
And the sons of Seir; Lotan, and Shobal, and Zibeon, and Anah, and Dishon, and Ezer, and Dishan.
###### v39
And the sons of Lotan; Hori, and Homam: and Timna was Lotan’s sister.
###### v40
The sons of Shobal; Alian, and Manahath, and Ebal, Shephi, and Onam. And the sons of Zibeon; Aiah, and Anah.
###### v41
The sons of Anah; Dishon. And the sons of Dishon; Amram, and Eshban, and Ithran, and Cheran.
###### v42
The sons of Ezer; Bilhan, and Zavan, and Jakan. The sons of Dishan; Uz, and Aran.
###### v43
Now these are the kings that reigned in the land of Edom before any king reigned over the children of Israel; Bela the son of Beor: and the name of his city was Dinhabah.
###### v44
And when Bela was dead, Jobab the son of Zerah of Bozrah reigned in his stead.
###### v45
And when Jobab was dead, Husham of the land of the Temanites reigned in his stead.
###### v46
And when Husham was dead, Hadad the son of Bedad, which smote Midian in the field of Moab, reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Avith.
###### v47
And when Hadad was dead, Samlah of Masrekah reigned in his stead.
###### v48
And when Samlah was dead, Shaul of Rehoboth by the river reigned in his stead.
###### v49
And when Shaul was dead, Baal–hanan the son of Achbor reigned in his stead.
###### v50
And when Baal–hanan was dead, Hadad reigned in his stead: and the name of his city was Pai; and his wife’s name was Mehetabel, the daughter of Matred, the daughter of Mezahab.
###### v51
Hadad died also. And the dukes of Edom were; duke Timnah, duke Aliah, duke Jetheth,
###### v52
Duke Aholibamah, duke Elah, duke Pinon,
###### v53
Duke Kenaz, duke Teman, duke Mibzar,
###### v54
Duke Magdiel, duke Iram. These are the dukes of Edom. 
