# 1 Chronicles 2

[[1 C-01|← 1 Chronicles 01]] | [[1 Chronicles]] | [[1 C-03|1 Chronicles 03 →]]
***

###### v1
These are the sons of Israel; Reuben, Simeon, Levi, and Judah, Issachar, and Zebulun,
###### v2
Dan, Joseph, and Benjamin, Naphtali, Gad, and Asher.
###### v3
The sons of Judah; Er, and Onan, and Shelah: which three were born unto him of the daughter of Shua the Canaanitess. And Er, the firstborn of Judah, was evil in the sight of the Lord; and he slew him.
###### v4
And Tamar his daughter in law bare him Pharez and Zerah. All the sons of Judah were five.
###### v5
The sons of Pharez; Hezron, and Hamul.
###### v6
And the sons of Zerah; Zimri, and Ethan, and Heman, and Calcol, and Dara: five of them in all.
###### v7
And the sons of Carmi; Achar, the troubler of Israel, who transgressed in the thing accursed.
###### v8
And the sons of Ethan; Azariah.
###### v9
The sons also of Hezron, that were born unto him; Jerahmeel, and Ram, and Chelubai.
###### v10
And Ram begat Amminadab; and Amminadab begat Nahshon, prince of the children of Judah;
###### v11
And Nahshon begat Salma, and Salma begat Boaz,
###### v12
And Boaz begat Obed, and Obed begat Jesse,
###### v13
And Jesse begat his firstborn Eliab, and Abinadab the second, and Shimma the third,
###### v14
Nethaneel the fourth, Raddai the fifth,
###### v15
Ozem the sixth, David the seventh:
###### v16
Whose sisters were Zeruiah, and Abigail. And the sons of Zeruiah; Abishai, and Joab, and Asahel, three.
###### v17
And Abigail bare Amasa: and the father of Amasa was Jether the Ishmeelite.
###### v18
And Caleb the son of Hezron begat children of Azubah his wife, and of Jerioth: her sons are these; Jesher, and Shobab, and Ardon.
###### v19
And when Azubah was dead, Caleb took unto him Ephrath, which bare him Hur.
###### v20
And Hur begat Uri, and Uri begat Bezaleel.
###### v21
And afterward Hezron went in to the daughter of Machir the father of Gilead, whom he married when he was threescore years old; and she bare him Segub.
###### v22
And Segub begat Jair, who had three and twenty cities in the land of Gilead.
###### v23
And he took Geshur, and Aram, with the towns of Jair, from them, with Kenath, and the towns thereof, even threescore cities. All these belonged to the sons of Machir the father of Gilead.
###### v24
And after that Hezron was dead in Caleb–ephratah, then Abiah Hezron’s wife bare him Ashur the father of Tekoa.
###### v25
And the sons of Jerahmeel the firstborn of Hezron were, Ram the firstborn, and Bunah, and Oren, and Ozem, and Ahijah.
###### v26
Jerahmeel had also another wife, whose name was Atarah; she was the mother of Onam.
###### v27
And the sons of Ram the firstborn of Jerahmeel were, Maaz, and Jamin, and Eker.
###### v28
And the sons of Onam were, Shammai, and Jada. And the sons of Shammai; Nadab, and Abishur.
###### v29
And the name of the wife of Abishur was Abihail, and she bare him Ahban, and Molid.
###### v30
And the sons of Nadab; Seled, and Appaim: but Seled died without children.
###### v31
And the sons of Appaim; Ishi. And the sons of Ishi; Sheshan. And the children of Sheshan; Ahlai.
###### v32
And the sons of Jada the brother of Shammai; Jether, and Jonathan: and Jether died without children.
###### v33
And the sons of Jonathan; Peleth, and Zaza. These were the sons of Jerahmeel.
###### v34
Now Sheshan had no sons, but daughters. And Sheshan had a servant, an Egyptian, whose name was Jarha.
###### v35
And Sheshan gave his daughter to Jarha his servant to wife; and she bare him Attai.
###### v36
And Attai begat Nathan, and Nathan begat Zabad,
###### v37
And Zabad begat Ephlal, and Ephlal begat Obed,
###### v38
And Obed begat Jehu, and Jehu begat Azariah,
###### v39
And Azariah begat Helez, and Helez begat Eleasah,
###### v40
And Eleasah begat Sisamai, and Sisamai begat Shallum,
###### v41
And Shallum begat Jekamiah, and Jekamiah begat Elishama.
###### v42
Now the sons of Caleb the brother of Jerahmeel were, Mesha his firstborn, which was the father of Ziph; and the sons of Mareshah the father of Hebron.
###### v43
And the sons of Hebron; Korah, and Tappuah, and Rekem, and Shema.
###### v44
And Shema begat Raham, the father of Jorkoam: and Rekem begat Shammai.
###### v45
And the son of Shammai was Maon: and Maon was the father of Beth–zur.
###### v46
And Ephah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Haran, and Moza, and Gazez: and Haran begat Gazez.
###### v47
And the sons of Jahdai; Regem, and Jotham, and Geshan, and Pelet, and Ephah, and Shaaph.
###### v48
Maachah, Caleb’s concubine, bare Sheber, and Tirhanah.
###### v49
She bare also Shaaph the father of Madmannah, Sheva the father of Machbenah, and the father of Gibea: and the daughter of Caleb was Achsah.
###### v50
These were the sons of Caleb the son of Hur, the firstborn of Ephratah; Shobal the father of Kirjath–jearim,
###### v51
Salma the father of Beth–lehem, Hareph the father of Beth–gader.
###### v52
And Shobal the father of Kirjath–jearim had sons; Haroeh, and half of the Manahethites.
###### v53
And the families of Kirjath–jearim; the Ithrites, and the Puhites, and the Shumathites, and the Mishraites; of them came the Zareathites, and the Eshtaulites.
###### v54
The sons of Salma; Beth–lehem, and the Netophathites, Ataroth, the house of Joab, and half of the Manahethites, the Zorites.
###### v55
And the families of the scribes which dwelt at Jabez; the Tirathites, the Shimeathites, and Suchathites. These are the Kenites that came of Hemath, the father of the house of Rechab. 
