# 1 Chronicles 23

[[1 C-22|← 1 Chronicles 22]] | [[1 Chronicles]] | [[1 C-24|1 Chronicles 24 →]]
***

###### v1
So when David was old and full of days, he made Solomon his son king over Israel.
###### v2
And he gathered together all the princes of Israel, with the priests and the Levites.
###### v3
Now the Levites were numbered from the age of thirty years and upward: and their number by their polls, man by man, was thirty and eight thousand.
###### v4
Of which, twenty and four thousand were to set forward the work of the house of the Lord; and six thousand were officers and judges:
###### v5
Moreover four thousand were porters; and four thousand praised the Lord with the instruments which I made, said David, to praise therewith.
###### v6
And David divided them into courses among the sons of Levi, namely, Gershon, Kohath, and Merari.
###### v7
Of the Gershonites were, Laadan, and Shimei.
###### v8
The sons of Laadan; the chief was Jehiel, and Zetham, and Joel, three.
###### v9
The sons of Shimei; Shelomith, and Haziel, and Haran, three. These were the chief of the fathers of Laadan.
###### v10
And the sons of Shimei were, Jahath, Zina, and Jeush, and Beriah. These four were the sons of Shimei.
###### v11
And Jahath was the chief, and Zizah the second: but Jeush and Beriah had not many sons; therefore they were in one reckoning, according to their father’s house.
###### v12
The sons of Kohath; Amram, Izhar, Hebron, and Uzziel, four.
###### v13
The sons of Amram; Aaron and Moses: and Aaron was separated, that he should sanctify the most holy things, he and his sons for ever, to burn incense before the Lord, to minister unto him, and to bless in his name for ever.
###### v14
Now concerning Moses the man of God, his sons were named of the tribe of Levi.
###### v15
The sons of Moses were, Gershom, and Eliezer.
###### v16
Of the sons of Gershom, Shebuel was the chief.
###### v17
And the sons of Eliezer were, Rehabiah the chief. And Eliezer had none other sons; but the sons of Rehabiah were very many.
###### v18
Of the sons of Izhar; Shelomith the chief.
###### v19
Of the sons of Hebron; Jeriah the first, Amariah the second, Jahaziel the third, and Jekameam the fourth.
###### v20
Of the sons of Uzziel; Michah the first, and Jesiah the second.
###### v21
The sons of Merari; Mahli, and Mushi. The sons of Mahli; Eleazar, and Kish.
###### v22
And Eleazar died, and had no sons, but daughters: and their brethren the sons of Kish took them.
###### v23
The sons of Mushi; Mahli, and Eder, and Jeremoth, three.
###### v24
These were the sons of Levi after the house of their fathers; even the chief of the fathers, as they were counted by number of names by their polls, that did the work for the service of the house of the Lord, from the age of twenty years and upward.
###### v25
For David said, The Lord God of Israel hath given rest unto his people, that they may dwell in Jerusalem for ever:
###### v26
And also unto the Levites; they shall no more carry the tabernacle, nor any vessels of it for the service thereof.
###### v27
For by the last words of David the Levites were numbered from twenty years old and above:
###### v28
Because their office was to wait on the sons of Aaron for the service of the house of the Lord, in the courts, and in the chambers, and in the purifying of all holy things, and the work of the service of the house of God;
###### v29
Both for the shewbread, and for the fine flour for meat offering, and for the unleavened cakes, and for that which is baked in the pan, and for that which is fried, and for all manner of measure and size;
###### v30
And to stand every morning to thank and praise the Lord, and likewise at even;
###### v31
And to offer all burnt sacrifices unto the Lord in the sabbaths, in the new moons, and on the set feasts, by number, according to the order commanded unto them, continually before the Lord:
###### v32
And that they should keep the charge of the tabernacle of the congregation, and the charge of the holy place, and the charge of the sons of Aaron their brethren, in the service of the house of the Lord. 
