# 1 Chronicles 3

[[1 C-02|← 1 Chronicles 02]] | [[1 Chronicles]] | [[1 C-04|1 Chronicles 04 →]]
***

###### v1
Now these were the sons of David, which were born unto him in Hebron; the firstborn Amnon, of Ahinoam the Jezreelitess; the second Daniel, of Abigail the Carmelitess:
###### v2
The third, Absalom the son of Maachah the daughter of Talmai king of Geshur: the fourth, Adonijah the son of Haggith:
###### v3
The fifth, Shephatiah of Abital: the sixth, Ithream by Eglah his wife.
###### v4
These six were born unto him in Hebron; and there he reigned seven years and six months: and in Jerusalem he reigned thirty and three years.
###### v5
And these were born unto him in Jerusalem; Shimea, and Shobab, and Nathan, and Solomon, four, of Bath–shua the daughter of Ammiel:
###### v6
Ibhar also, and Elishama, and Eliphelet,
###### v7
And Nogah, and Nepheg, and Japhia,
###### v8
And Elishama, and Eliada, and Eliphelet, nine.
###### v9
These were all the sons of David, beside the sons of the concubines, and Tamar their sister.
###### v10
And Solomon’s son was Rehoboam, Abia his son, Asa his son, Jehoshaphat his son,
###### v11
Joram his son, Ahaziah his son, Joash his son,
###### v12
Amaziah his son, Azariah his son, Jotham his son,
###### v13
Ahaz his son, Hezekiah his son, Manasseh his son,
###### v14
Amon his son, Josiah his son.
###### v15
And the sons of Josiah were, the firstborn Johanan, the second Jehoiakim, the third Zedekiah, the fourth Shallum.
###### v16
And the sons of Jehoiakim: Jeconiah his son, Zedekiah his son.
###### v17
And the sons of Jeconiah; Assir, Salathiel his son,
###### v18
Malchiram also, and Pedaiah, and Shenazar, Jecamiah, Hoshama, and Nedabiah.
###### v19
And the sons of Pedaiah were, Zerubbabel, and Shimei: and the sons of Zerubbabel; Meshullam, and Hananiah, and Shelomith their sister:
###### v20
And Hashubah, and Ohel, and Berechiah, and Hasadiah, Jushab–hesed, five.
###### v21
And the sons of Hananiah; Pelatiah, and Jesaiah: the sons of Rephaiah, the sons of Arnan, the sons of Obadiah, the sons of Shechaniah.
###### v22
And the sons of Shechaniah; Shemaiah: and the sons of Shemaiah; Hattush, and Igeal, and Bariah, and Neariah, and Shaphat, six.
###### v23
And the sons of Neariah; Elioenai, and Hezekiah, and Azrikam, three.
###### v24
And the sons of Elioenai were, Hodaiah, and Eliashib, and Pelaiah, and Akkub, and Johanan, and Dalaiah, and Anani, seven. 
