# 1 Chronicles 8

[[1 C-07|← 1 Chronicles 07]] | [[1 Chronicles]] | [[1 C-09|1 Chronicles 09 →]]
***

###### v1
Now Benjamin begat Bela his firstborn, Ashbel the second, and Aharah the third,
###### v2
Nohah the fourth, and Rapha the fifth.
###### v3
And the sons of Bela were, Addar, and Gera, and Abihud,
###### v4
And Abishua, and Naaman, and Ahoah,
###### v5
And Gera, and Shephuphan, and Huram.
###### v6
And these are the sons of Ehud: these are the heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Geba, and they removed them to Manahath:
###### v7
And Naaman, and Ahiah, and Gera, he removed them, and begat Uzza, and Ahihud.
###### v8
And Shaharaim begat children in the country of Moab, after he had sent them away; Hushim and Baara were his wives.
###### v9
And he begat of Hodesh his wife, Jobab, and Zibia, and Mesha, and Malcham,
###### v10
And Jeuz, and Shachia, and Mirma. These were his sons, heads of the fathers.
###### v11
And of Hushim he begat Abitub, and Elpaal.
###### v12
The sons of Elpaal; Eber, and Misham, and Shamed, who built Ono, and Lod, with the towns thereof:
###### v13
Beriah also, and Shema, who were heads of the fathers of the inhabitants of Aijalon, who drove away the inhabitants of Gath:
###### v14
And Ahio, Shashak, and Jeremoth,
###### v15
And Zebadiah, and Arad, and Ader,
###### v16
And Michael, and Ispah, and Joha, the sons of Beriah;
###### v17
And Zebadiah, and Meshullam, and Hezeki, and Heber,
###### v18
Ishmerai also, and Jezliah, and Jobab, the sons of Elpaal;
###### v19
And Jakim, and Zichri, and Zabdi,
###### v20
And Elienai, and Zilthai, and Eliel,
###### v21
And Adaiah, and Beraiah, and Shimrath, the sons of Shimhi;
###### v22
And Ishpan, and Heber, and Eliel,
###### v23
And Abdon, and Zichri, and Hanan,
###### v24
And Hananiah, and Elam, and Antothijah,
###### v25
And Iphedeiah, and Penuel, the sons of Shashak;
###### v26
And Shamsherai, and Shehariah, and Athaliah,
###### v27
And Jaresiah, and Eliah, and Zichri, the sons of Jeroham.
###### v28
These were heads of the fathers, by their generations, chief men. These dwelt in Jerusalem.
###### v29
And at Gibeon dwelt the father of Gibeon; whose wife’s name was Maachah:
###### v30
And his firstborn son Abdon, and Zur, and Kish, and Baal, and Nadab,
###### v31
And Gedor, and Ahio, and Zacher.
###### v32
And Mikloth begat Shimeah. And these also dwelt with their brethren in Jerusalem, over against them.
###### v33
And Ner begat Kish, and Kish begat Saul, and Saul begat Jonathan, and Malchi–shua, and Abinadab, and Esh–baal.
###### v34
And the son of Jonathan was Merib–baal; and Merib–baal begat Micah.
###### v35
And the sons of Micah were, Pithon, and Melech, and Tarea, and Ahaz.
###### v36
And Ahaz begat Jehoadah; and Jehoadah begat Alemeth, and Azmaveth, and Zimri; and Zimri begat Moza,
###### v37
And Moza begat Binea: Rapha was his son, Eleasah his son, Azel his son:
###### v38
And Azel had six sons, whose names are these, Azrikam, Bocheru, and Ishmael, and Sheariah, and Obadiah, and Hanan. All these were the sons of Azel.
###### v39
And the sons of Eshek his brother were, Ulam his firstborn, Jehush the second, and Eliphelet the third.
###### v40
And the sons of Ulam were mighty men of valour, archers, and had many sons, and sons’ sons, an hundred and fifty. All these are of the sons of Benjamin. 
