# 1 Timothy 1

[[1 Timothy]] | [[1 T-02|1 Timothy 02 →]]
***

###### v1
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ by the commandment of God our Saviour, and Lord Jesus Christ, which is our hope;
###### v2
Unto Timothy, my own son in the faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Jesus Christ our Lord.
###### v3
As I besought thee to abide still at Ephesus, when I went into Macedonia, that thou mightest charge some that they teach no other doctrine,
###### v4
Neither give heed to fables and endless genealogies, which minister questions, rather than godly edifying which is in faith: so do. 
###### v5
Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart, and of a good conscience, and of faith unfeigned:
###### v6
From which some having swerved have turned aside unto vain jangling;
###### v7
Desiring to be teachers of the law; understanding neither what they say, nor whereof they affirm.
###### v8
But we know that the law is good, if a man use it lawfully;
###### v9
Knowing this, that the law is not made for a righteous man, but for the lawless and disobedient, for the ungodly and for sinners, for unholy and profane, for murderers of fathers and murderers of mothers, for manslayers,
###### v10
For whoremongers, for them that defile themselves with mankind, for menstealers, for liars, for perjured persons, and if there be any other thing that is contrary to sound doctrine;
###### v11
According to the glorious gospel of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
###### v12
And I thank Christ Jesus our Lord, who hath enabled me, for that he counted me faithful, putting me into the ministry;
###### v13
Who was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious: but I obtained mercy, because I did it ignorantly in unbelief.
###### v14
And the grace of our Lord was exceeding abundant with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
###### v15
This is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
###### v16
Howbeit for this cause I obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might shew forth all longsuffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on him to life everlasting.
###### v17
Now unto the King eternal, immortal, invisible, the only wise God, be honour and glory for ever and ever. Amen.
###### v18
This charge I commit unto thee, son Timothy, according to the prophecies which went before on thee, that thou by them mightest war a good warfare;
###### v19
Holding faith, and a good conscience; which some having put away concerning faith have made shipwreck:
###### v20
Of whom is Hymeneus and Alexander; whom I have delivered unto Satan, that they may learn not to blaspheme. 
