# 1 Timothy 4

[[1 T-03|← 1 Timothy 03]] | [[1 Timothy]] | [[1 T-05|1 Timothy 05 →]]
***

###### v1
Now the Spirit speaketh expressly, that in the latter times some shall depart from the faith, giving heed to seducing spirits, and doctrines of devils;
###### v2
Speaking lies in hypocrisy; having their conscience seared with a hot iron;
###### v3
Forbidding to marry, and commanding to abstain from meats, which God hath created to be received with thanksgiving of them which believe and know the truth.
###### v4
For every creature of God is good, and nothing to be refused, if it be received with thanksgiving:
###### v5
For it is sanctified by the word of God and prayer.
###### v6
If thou put the brethren in remembrance of these things, thou shalt be a good minister of Jesus Christ, nourished up in the words of faith and of good doctrine, whereunto thou hast attained.
###### v7
But refuse profane and old wives’ fables, and exercise thyself rather unto godliness.
###### v8
For bodily exercise profiteth little: but godliness is profitable unto all things, having promise of the life that now is, and of that which is to come.
###### v9
This is a faithful saying and worthy of all acceptation.
###### v10
For therefore we both labour and suffer reproach, because we trust in the living God, who is the Saviour of all men, specially of those that believe.
###### v11
These things command and teach.
###### v12
Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
###### v13
Till I come, give attendance to reading, to exhortation, to doctrine.
###### v14
Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by prophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.
###### v15
Meditate upon these things; give thyself wholly to them; that thy profiting may appear to all.
###### v16
Take heed unto thyself, and unto the doctrine; continue in them: for in doing this thou shalt both save thyself, and them that hear thee. 
