# 2 Chronicles 14

[[2 C-13|← 2 Chronicles 13]] | [[2 Chronicles]] | [[2 C-15|2 Chronicles 15 →]]
***

###### v1
So Abijah slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city of David: and Asa his son reigned in his stead. In his days the land was quiet ten years.
###### v2
And Asa did that which was good and right in the eyes of the Lord his God:
###### v3
For he took away the altars of the strange gods, and the high places, and brake down the images, and cut down the groves:
###### v4
And commanded Judah to seek the Lord God of their fathers, and to do the law and the commandment.
###### v5
Also he took away out of all the cities of Judah the high places and the images: and the kingdom was quiet before him.
###### v6
And he built fenced cities in Judah: for the land had rest, and he had no war in those years; because the Lord had given him rest.
###### v7
Therefore he said unto Judah, Let us build these cities, and make about them walls, and towers, gates, and bars, while the land is yet before us; because we have sought the Lord our God, we have sought him, and he hath given us rest on every side. So they built and prospered.
###### v8
And Asa had an army of men that bare targets and spears, out of Judah three hundred thousand; and out of Benjamin, that bare shields and drew bows, two hundred and fourscore thousand: all these were mighty men of valour.
###### v9
And there came out against them Zerah the Ethiopian with an host of a thousand thousand, and three hundred chariots; and came unto Mareshah.
###### v10
Then Asa went out against him, and they set the battle in array in the valley of Zephathah at Mareshah.
###### v11
And Asa cried unto the Lord his God, and said, Lord, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O Lord our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O Lord, thou art our God; let not man prevail against thee.
###### v12
So the Lord smote the Ethiopians before Asa, and before Judah; and the Ethiopians fled.
###### v13
And Asa and the people that were with him pursued them unto Gerar: and the Ethiopians were overthrown, that they could not recover themselves; for they were destroyed before the Lord, and before his host; and they carried away very much spoil.
###### v14
And they smote all the cities round about Gerar; for the fear of the Lord came upon them: and they spoiled all the cities; for there was exceeding much spoil in them.
###### v15
They smote also the tents of cattle, and carried away sheep and camels in abundance, and returned to Jerusalem. 
