# 2 Corinthians 6

[[2 C-05|← 2 Corinthians 05]] | [[2 Corinthians]] | [[2 C-07|2 Corinthians 07 →]]
***

###### v1
We then, as workers together with him, beseech you also that ye receive not the grace of God in vain.
###### v2
(For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.)
###### v3
Giving no offence in any thing, that the ministry be not blamed:
###### v4
But in all things approving ourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses,
###### v5
In stripes, in imprisonments, in tumults, in labours, in watchings, in fastings;
###### v6
By pureness, by knowledge, by longsuffering, by kindness, by the Holy Ghost, by love unfeigned,
###### v7
By the word of truth, by the power of God, by the armour of righteousness on the right hand and on the left,
###### v8
By honour and dishonour, by evil report and good report: as deceivers, and yet true;
###### v9
As unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and, behold, we live; as chastened, and not killed;
###### v10
As sorrowful, yet alway rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
###### v11
O ye Corinthians, our mouth is open unto you, our heart is enlarged.
###### v12
Ye are not straitened in us, but ye are straitened in your own bowels.
###### v13
Now for a recompence in the same, (I speak as unto my children,) be ye also enlarged.
###### v14
Be ye not unequally yoked together with unbelievers: for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? and what communion hath light with darkness?
###### v15
And what concord hath Christ with Belial? or what part hath he that believeth with an infidel?
###### v16
And what agreement hath the temple of God with idols? for ye are the temple of the living God; as God hath said, I will dwell in them, and walk in them; and I will be their God, and they shall be my people.
###### v17
Wherefore come out from among them, and be ye separate, saith the Lord, and touch not the unclean thing; and I will receive you,
###### v18
And will be a Father unto you, and ye shall be my sons and daughters, saith the Lord Almighty. 
