# 1 Corinthians 5

[[1 C-04|← 1 Corinthians 04]] | [[1 Corinthians]] | [[1 C-06|1 Corinthians 06 →]]
***

###### v1
It is reported commonly that there is fornication among you, and such fornication as is not so much as named among the Gentiles, that one should have his father’s wife.
###### v2
And ye are puffed up, and have not rather mourned, that he that hath done this deed might be taken away from among you.
###### v3
For I verily, as absent in body, but present in spirit, have judged already, as though I were present, concerning him that hath so done this deed,
###### v4
In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, when ye are gathered together, and my spirit, with the power of our Lord Jesus Christ,
###### v5
To deliver such an one unto Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
###### v6
Your glorying is not good. Know ye not that a little leaven leaveneth the whole lump?
###### v7
Purge out therefore the old leaven, that ye may be a new lump, as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our passover is sacrificed for us:
###### v8
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness; but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
###### v9
I wrote unto you in an epistle not to company with fornicators:
###### v10
Yet not altogether with the fornicators of this world, or with the covetous, or extortioners, or with idolaters; for then must ye needs go out of the world.
###### v11
But now I have written unto you not to keep company, if any man that is called a brother be a fornicator, or covetous, or an idolater, or a railer, or a drunkard, or an extortioner; with such an one no not to eat.
###### v12
For what have I to do to judge them also that are without? do not ye judge them that are within?
###### v13
But them that are without God judgeth. Therefore put away from among yourselves that wicked person. 
