# 2 Timothy 3

[[2 T-02|← 2 Timothy 02]] | [[2 Timothy]] | [[2 T-04|2 Timothy 04 →]]
***

###### v1
This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.
###### v2
For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
###### v3
Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,
###### v4
Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;
###### v5
Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.
###### v6
For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,
###### v7
Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
###### v8
Now as Jannes and Jambres withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth: men of corrupt minds, reprobate concerning the faith.
###### v9
But they shall proceed no further: for their folly shall be manifest unto all men, as theirs also was.
###### v10
But thou hast fully known my doctrine, manner of life, purpose, faith, longsuffering, charity, patience,
###### v11
Persecutions, afflictions, which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra; what persecutions I endured: but out of them all the Lord delivered me.
###### v12
Yea, and all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution.
###### v13
But evil men and seducers shall wax worse and worse, deceiving, and being deceived.
###### v14
But continue thou in the things which thou hast learned and hast been assured of, knowing of whom thou hast learned them; 
###### v15
And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
###### v16
All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
###### v17
That the man of God may be perfect, throughly furnished unto all good works. 
